this is the first authentic story of how
the syndicate controls and operates
every racket and price in the nation
based on the bullet-riddled pages of the
bestseller by former assistant New York
District Attorney Burton Turkus
and sin theta the bombshell that
exploded it all the hoods the sleazy
Bay's the wanton gunman who accounted
for the incredible total of
approximately 1000 killing executed by
murder incorporated
starring Stuart Whitman my Brit
here are the most notorious killers for
hire in the annals of crime names that
left a blot on our history Lepke but you
have in Bronzeville I have a hundred
times over in the garment district
Albert Anastasia has on the docks in
Brooklyn and the Capone boys have in
Chicago and the triggerman without a
conscience a braless known as kid twist
take what you could get your hands on
take those questions take what you want
take what I want
I take witness after witness was rubbed
out by the syndicate only one man dared
challenge them sure I'll be taking a
chance but who else ever had a chance to
get a kingpin like lefty on the stand
for first-degree murder got a do it sure
I'm taking a chance but with what I got
on him nailing but what you did the et
I'm gonna put you in a chair I'm gonna
turn the juice on I'm gonna watch you
fry a chicken now look you're losing
your head you gotta take your time